README_KL.md, before:

![cover-v5-optimized](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/assets/13230914/f9e19af5-61ba-4119-b926-d10c4c06ebab)

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://cloud.dify.ai">Dify Cloud</a> ·
  <a href="https://docs.dify.ai/getting-started/install-self-hosted">Self-hosting</a> ·
  <a href="https://docs.dify.ai">Documentation</a> ·
  <a href="https://cal.com/guchenhe/dify-demo">Schedule demo</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://dify.ai" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Static Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Product-F04438"></a>
    <a href="https://dify.ai/pricing" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Static Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/free-pricing?logo=free&color=%20%23155EEF&label=pricing&labelColor=%20%23528bff"></a>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/FngNHpbcY7" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1082486657678311454?logo=discord&labelColor=%20%235462eb&logoColor=%20%23f5f5f5&color=%20%235462eb"
            alt="chat on Discord"></a>
    <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=dify_ai" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/dify_ai?logo=X&color=%20%23f5f5f5"
            alt="follow on Twitter"></a>
    <a href="https://hub.docker.com/u/langgenius" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Docker Pulls" src="https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/langgenius/dify-web?labelColor=%20%23FDB062&color=%20%23f79009"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/langgenius/dify/graphs/commit-activity" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/langgenius/dify?labelColor=%20%2332b583&color=%20%2312b76a"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/langgenius/dify/" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Issues closed" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-search?query=repo%3Alanggenius%2Fdify%20is%3Aclosed&label=issues%20closed&labelColor=%20%237d89b0&color=%20%235d6b98"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/langgenius/dify/discussions/" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Discussion posts" src="https://img.shields.io/github/discussions/langgenius/dify?labelColor=%20%239b8afb&color=%20%237a5af8"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="./README.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/English-d9d9d9"></a>
  <a href="./README_CN.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/简体中文-d9d9d9"></a>
  <a href="./README_JA.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/日本語-d9d9d9"></a>
  <a href="./README_ES.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Español-d9d9d9"></a>
  <a href="./README_KL.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Français-d9d9d9"></a>
  <a href="./README_FR.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Klingon-d9d9d9"></a>
  <a href="./README_KR.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/한국어-d9d9d9"></a>
</p>

#

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://trendshift.io/repositories/2152" target="_blank"><img src="https://trendshift.io/api/badge/repositories/2152" alt="langgenius%2Fdify | Trendshift" style="width: 250px; height: 55px;" width="250" height="55"/></a>
</p>
Dify is an open-source LLM app development platform. Its intuitive interface combines AI workflow, RAG pipeline, agent capabilities, model management, observability features and more, letting you quickly go from prototype to production. Here's a list of the core features:
</br> </br>

**1. Workflow**: 
  Build and test powerful AI workflows on a visual canvas, leveraging all the following features and beyond.


  https://github.com/langgenius/dify/assets/13230914/356df23e-1604-483d-80a6-9517ece318aa



**2. Comprehensive model support**: 
  Seamless integration with hundreds of proprietary / open-source LLMs from dozens of inference providers and self-hosted solutions, covering GPT, Mistral, Llama3, and any OpenAI API-compatible models. A full list of supported model providers can be found [here](https://docs.dify.ai/getting-started/readme/model-providers).

![providers-v5](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/assets/13230914/5a17bdbe-097a-4100-8363-40255b70f6e3)


**3. Prompt IDE**: 
  Intuitive interface for crafting prompts, comparing model performance, and adding additional features such as text-to-speech to a chat-based app. 

**4. RAG Pipeline**: 
  Extensive RAG capabilities that cover everything from document ingestion to retrieval, with out-of-box support for text extraction from PDFs, PPTs, and other common document formats.

**5. Agent capabilities**: 
  You can define agents based on LLM Function Calling or ReAct, and add pre-built or custom tools for the agent. Dify provides 50+ built-in tools for AI agents, such as Google Search, DELL·E, Stable Diffusion and WolframAlpha.

**6. LLMOps**: 
  Monitor and analyze application logs and performance over time. You could continuously improve prompts, datasets, and models based on production data and annotations.

**7. Backend-as-a-Service**: 
  All of Dify's offerings come with corresponding APIs, so you could effortlessly integrate Dify into your own business logic.


## Feature Comparison
<table style="width: 100%;">
  <tr

>
    <th align="center">Feature</th>
    <th align="center">Dify.AI</th>
    <th align="center">LangChain</th>
    <th align="center">Flowise</th>
    <th align="center">OpenAI Assistants API</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Programming Approach</td>
    <td align="center">API + App-oriented</td>
    <td align="center">Python Code</td>
    <td align="center">App-oriented</td>
    <td align="center">API-oriented</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Supported LLMs</td>
    <td align="center">Rich Variety</td>
    <td align="center">Rich Variety</td>
    <td align="center">Rich Variety</td>
    <td align="center">OpenAI-only</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">RAG Engine</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Agent</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Workflow</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Observability</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Enterprise Feature (SSO/Access control)</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Local Deployment</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Using Dify

- **Cloud </br>**
We host a [Dify Cloud](https://dify.ai) service for anyone to try with zero setup. It provides all the capabilities of the self-deployed version, and includes 200 free GPT-4 calls in the sandbox plan.

- **Self-hosting Dify Community Edition</br>**
Quickly get Dify running in your environment with this [starter guide](#quick-start).
Use our [documentation](https://docs.dify.ai) for further references and more in-depth instructions.

- **Dify for Enterprise / Organizations</br>**
We provide additional enterprise-centric features. [Schedule a meeting with us](https://cal.com/guchenhe/30min) or [send us an email](mailto:business@dify.ai?subject=[GitHub]Business%20License%20Inquiry) to discuss enterprise needs. </br>
  > For startups and small businesses using AWS, check out [Dify Premium on AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-t22mebxzwjhu6) and deploy it to your own AWS VPC with one-click. It's an affordable AMI offering with the option to create apps with custom logo and branding.


## Staying ahead

Star Dify on GitHub and be instantly notified of new releases.

![star-us](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/assets/13230914/b823edc1-6388-4e25-ad45-2f6b187adbb4)



## Quick Start
> Before installing Dify, make sure your machine meets the following minimum system requirements:
> 
>- CPU >= 2 Core
>- RAM >= 4GB

</br>

The easiest way to start the Dify server is to run our [docker-compose.yml](docker/docker-compose.yaml) file. Before running the installation command, make sure that [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) are installed on your machine:

```bash
cd docker
docker compose up -d
```

After running, you can access the Dify dashboard in your browser at [http://localhost/install](http://localhost/install) and start the initialization process.

> If you'd like to contribute to Dify or do additional development, refer to our [guide to deploying from source code](https://docs.dify.ai/getting-started/install-self-hosted/local-source-code)

## Next steps

If you need to customize the configuration, please refer to the comments in our [docker-compose.yml](docker/docker-compose.yaml) file and manually set the environment configuration. After making the changes, please run `docker-compose up -d` again. You can see the full list of environment variables [here](https://docs.dify.ai/getting-started/install-self-hosted/environments).

If you'd like to configure a highly-available setup, there are community-contributed [Helm Charts](https://helm.sh/) which allow Dify to be deployed on Kubernetes.

- [Helm Chart by @LeoQuote](https://github.com/douban/charts/tree/master/charts/dify)
- [Helm Chart by @BorisPolonsky](https://github.com/BorisPolonsky/dify-helm)


## Contributing

For those who'd like to contribute code, see our [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md). 
At the same time, please consider supporting Dify by sharing it on social media and at events and conferences.


> We are looking for contributors to help with translating Dify to languages other than Mandarin or English. If you are interested in helping, please see the [i18n README](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/blob/main/web/i18n/README.md) for more information, and leave us a comment in the `global-users` channel of our [Discord Community Server](https://discord.gg/8Tpq4AcN9c).

**Contributors**

<a href="https://github.com/langgenius/dify/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=langgenius/dify" />
</a>

## Community & Contact

* [Github Discussion](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/discussions

). Best for: sharing feedback and asking questions.
* [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/issues). Best for: bugs you encounter using Dify.AI, and feature proposals. See our [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
* [Email](mailto:support@dify.ai?subject=[GitHub]Questions%20About%20Dify). Best for: questions you have about using Dify.AI.
* [Discord](https://discord.gg/FngNHpbcY7). Best for: sharing your applications and hanging out with the community.
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/dify_ai). Best for: sharing your applications and hanging out with the community.

Or, schedule a meeting directly with a team member:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Point of Contact</th>
    <th>Purpose</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href='https://cal.com/guchenhe/15min' target='_blank'><img class="schedule-button" src='https://github.com/langgenius/dify/assets/13230914/9ebcd111-1205-4d71-83d5-948d70b809f5' alt='Git-Hub-README-Button-3x' style="width: 180px; height: auto; object-fit: contain;"/></a></td>
    <td>Business enquiries & product feedback</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href='https://cal.com/pinkbanana' target='_blank'><img class="schedule-button" src='https://github.com/langgenius/dify/assets/13230914/d1edd00a-d7e4-4513-be6c-e57038e143fd' alt='Git-Hub-README-Button-2x' style="width: 180px; height: auto; object-fit: contain;"/></a></td>
    <td>Contributions, issues & feature requests</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=langgenius/dify&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#langgenius/dify&Date)


## Security Disclosure

To protect your privacy, please avoid posting security issues on GitHub. Instead, send your questions to security@dify.ai and we will provide you with a more detailed answer.

## License

This repository is available under the [Dify Open Source License](LICENSE), which is essentially Apache 2.0 with a few additional restrictions.

Commit message:

Update README, deploy dify with YAML file on Kubernetes (#5131)

README_KL.md, after:

![cover-v5-optimized](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/assets/13230914/f9e19af5-61ba-4119-b926-d10c4c06ebab)

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://cloud.dify.ai">Dify Cloud</a> ·
  <a href="https://docs.dify.ai/getting-started/install-self-hosted">Self-hosting</a> ·
  <a href="https://docs.dify.ai">Documentation</a> ·
  <a href="https://cal.com/guchenhe/dify-demo">Schedule demo</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://dify.ai" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Static Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Product-F04438"></a>
    <a href="https://dify.ai/pricing" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Static Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/free-pricing?logo=free&color=%20%23155EEF&label=pricing&labelColor=%20%23528bff"></a>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/FngNHpbcY7" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1082486657678311454?logo=discord&labelColor=%20%235462eb&logoColor=%20%23f5f5f5&color=%20%235462eb"
            alt="chat on Discord"></a>
    <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=dify_ai" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/dify_ai?logo=X&color=%20%23f5f5f5"
            alt="follow on Twitter"></a>
    <a href="https://hub.docker.com/u/langgenius" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Docker Pulls" src="https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/langgenius/dify-web?labelColor=%20%23FDB062&color=%20%23f79009"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/langgenius/dify/graphs/commit-activity" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/langgenius/dify?labelColor=%20%2332b583&color=%20%2312b76a"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/langgenius/dify/" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Issues closed" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-search?query=repo%3Alanggenius%2Fdify%20is%3Aclosed&label=issues%20closed&labelColor=%20%237d89b0&color=%20%235d6b98"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/langgenius/dify/discussions/" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Discussion posts" src="https://img.shields.io/github/discussions/langgenius/dify?labelColor=%20%239b8afb&color=%20%237a5af8"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="./README.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/English-d9d9d9"></a>
  <a href="./README_CN.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/简体中文-d9d9d9"></a>
  <a href="./README_JA.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/日本語-d9d9d9"></a>
  <a href="./README_ES.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Español-d9d9d9"></a>
  <a href="./README_KL.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Français-d9d9d9"></a>
  <a href="./README_FR.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Klingon-d9d9d9"></a>
  <a href="./README_KR.md"><img alt="Commits last month" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/한국어-d9d9d9"></a>
</p>

#

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://trendshift.io/repositories/2152" target="_blank"><img src="https://trendshift.io/api/badge/repositories/2152" alt="langgenius%2Fdify | Trendshift" style="width: 250px; height: 55px;" width="250" height="55"/></a>
</p>
Dify is an open-source LLM app development platform. Its intuitive interface combines AI workflow, RAG pipeline, agent capabilities, model management, observability features and more, letting you quickly go from prototype to production. Here's a list of the core features:
</br> </br>

**1. Workflow**: 
  Build and test powerful AI workflows on a visual canvas, leveraging all the following features and beyond.


  https://github.com/langgenius/dify/assets/13230914/356df23e-1604-483d-80a6-9517ece318aa



**2. Comprehensive model support**: 
  Seamless integration with hundreds of proprietary / open-source LLMs from dozens of inference providers and self-hosted solutions, covering GPT, Mistral, Llama3, and any OpenAI API-compatible models. A full list of supported model providers can be found [here](https://docs.dify.ai/getting-started/readme/model-providers).

![providers-v5](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/assets/13230914/5a17bdbe-097a-4100-8363-40255b70f6e3)


**3. Prompt IDE**: 
  Intuitive interface for crafting prompts, comparing model performance, and adding additional features such as text-to-speech to a chat-based app. 

**4. RAG Pipeline**: 
  Extensive RAG capabilities that cover everything from document ingestion to retrieval, with out-of-box support for text extraction from PDFs, PPTs, and other common document formats.

**5. Agent capabilities**: 
  You can define agents based on LLM Function Calling or ReAct, and add pre-built or custom tools for the agent. Dify provides 50+ built-in tools for AI agents, such as Google Search, DELL·E, Stable Diffusion and WolframAlpha.

**6. LLMOps**: 
  Monitor and analyze application logs and performance over time. You could continuously improve prompts, datasets, and models based on production data and annotations.

**7. Backend-as-a-Service**: 
  All of Dify's offerings come with corresponding APIs, so you could effortlessly integrate Dify into your own business logic.


## Feature Comparison
<table style="width: 100%;">
  <tr

>
    <th align="center">Feature</th>
    <th align="center">Dify.AI</th>
    <th align="center">LangChain</th>
    <th align="center">Flowise</th>
    <th align="center">OpenAI Assistants API</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Programming Approach</td>
    <td align="center">API + App-oriented</td>
    <td align="center">Python Code</td>
    <td align="center">App-oriented</td>
    <td align="center">API-oriented</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Supported LLMs</td>
    <td align="center">Rich Variety</td>
    <td align="center">Rich Variety</td>
    <td align="center">Rich Variety</td>
    <td align="center">OpenAI-only</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">RAG Engine</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Agent</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Workflow</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Observability</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Enterprise Feature (SSO/Access control)</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">Local Deployment</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">✅</td>
    <td align="center">❌</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Using Dify

- **Cloud </br>**
We host a [Dify Cloud](https://dify.ai) service for anyone to try with zero setup. It provides all the capabilities of the self-deployed version, and includes 200 free GPT-4 calls in the sandbox plan.

- **Self-hosting Dify Community Edition</br>**
Quickly get Dify running in your environment with this [starter guide](#quick-start).
Use our [documentation](https://docs.dify.ai) for further references and more in-depth instructions.

- **Dify for Enterprise / Organizations</br>**
We provide additional enterprise-centric features. [Schedule a meeting with us](https://cal.com/guchenhe/30min) or [send us an email](mailto:business@dify.ai?subject=[GitHub]Business%20License%20Inquiry) to discuss enterprise needs. </br>
  > For startups and small businesses using AWS, check out [Dify Premium on AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-t22mebxzwjhu6) and deploy it to your own AWS VPC with one-click. It's an affordable AMI offering with the option to create apps with custom logo and branding.


## Staying ahead

Star Dify on GitHub and be instantly notified of new releases.

![star-us](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/assets/13230914/b823edc1-6388-4e25-ad45-2f6b187adbb4)



## Quick Start
> Before installing Dify, make sure your machine meets the following minimum system requirements:
> 
>- CPU >= 2 Core
>- RAM >= 4GB

</br>

The easiest way to start the Dify server is to run our [docker-compose.yml](docker/docker-compose.yaml) file. Before running the installation command, make sure that [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) are installed on your machine:

```bash
cd docker
docker compose up -d
```

After running, you can access the Dify dashboard in your browser at [http://localhost/install](http://localhost/install) and start the initialization process.

> If you'd like to contribute to Dify or do additional development, refer to our [guide to deploying from source code](https://docs.dify.ai/getting-started/install-self-hosted/local-source-code)

## Next steps

If you need to customize the configuration, please refer to the comments in our [docker-compose.yml](docker/docker-compose.yaml) file and manually set the environment configuration. After making the changes, please run `docker-compose up -d` again. You can see the full list of environment variables [here](https://docs.dify.ai/getting-started/install-self-hosted/environments).

If you'd like to configure a highly-available setup, there are community-contributed [Helm Charts](https://helm.sh/) and YAML files which allow Dify to be deployed on Kubernetes.

- [Helm Chart by @LeoQuote](https://github.com/douban/charts/tree/master/charts/dify)
- [Helm Chart by @BorisPolonsky](https://github.com/BorisPolonsky/dify-helm)
- [YAML file by @Winson-030](https://github.com/Winson-030/dify-kubernetes)

## Contributing

For those who'd like to contribute code, see our [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md). 
At the same time, please consider supporting Dify by sharing it on social media and at events and conferences.


> We are looking for contributors to help with translating Dify to languages other than Mandarin or English. If you are interested in helping, please see the [i18n README](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/blob/main/web/i18n/README.md) for more information, and leave us a comment in the `global-users` channel of our [Discord Community Server](https://discord.gg/8Tpq4AcN9c).

**Contributors**

<a href="https://github.com/langgenius/dify/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=langgenius/dify" />
</a>

## Community & Contact

* [Github Discussion](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/discussions

). Best for: sharing feedback and asking questions.
* [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/issues). Best for: bugs you encounter using Dify.AI, and feature proposals. See our [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/langgenius/dify/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
* [Email](mailto:support@dify.ai?subject=[GitHub]Questions%20About%20Dify). Best for: questions you have about using Dify.AI.
* [Discord](https://discord.gg/FngNHpbcY7). Best for: sharing your applications and hanging out with the community.
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/dify_ai). Best for: sharing your applications and hanging out with the community.

Or, schedule a meeting directly with a team member:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Point of Contact</th>
    <th>Purpose</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href='https://cal.com/guchenhe/15min' target='_blank'><img class="schedule-button" src='https://github.com/langgenius/dify/assets/13230914/9ebcd111-1205-4d71-83d5-948d70b809f5' alt='Git-Hub-README-Button-3x' style="width: 180px; height: auto; object-fit: contain;"/></a></td>
    <td>Business enquiries & product feedback</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href='https://cal.com/pinkbanana' target='_blank'><img class="schedule-button" src='https://github.com/langgenius/dify/assets/13230914/d1edd00a-d7e4-4513-be6c-e57038e143fd' alt='Git-Hub-README-Button-2x' style="width: 180px; height: auto; object-fit: contain;"/></a></td>
    <td>Contributions, issues & feature requests</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=langgenius/dify&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#langgenius/dify&Date)


## Security Disclosure

To protect your privacy, please avoid posting security issues on GitHub. Instead, send your questions to security@dify.ai and we will provide you with a more detailed answer.

## License

This repository is available under the [Dify Open Source License](LICENSE), which is essentially Apache 2.0 with a few additional restrictions.
